She said she had forgotten about our invitation.
This wasn't the first time.
Why does she do this again and again?
I said in my heart that I could never forgive her.
Will you forgive her?
Of course I will.
A Christian usually knows the right thing to do.
But doing the right thing, that's different.
I found what I needed.
I knew I would forgive my sister,
but the article reminded me how to handle it.
Three points.
One, promptly.
I couldn't wait.
I needed to talk with her as soon as she could.
Two,
I shouldn't talk to others about it.
I must do it privately.
And three, peacefully.
Rather than accusing her,
I should simply express how I feel.
And I also need to listen patiently to my sister.
I needed to act right away.